SOSA-OSSL v3.0

Copyright [Year name] [Name of company/organization]

1. Definitions
	“Original Work” refers to the software's original, 
  unmodified state to which this license applies. 

  "Creator(s)” denotes the developer(s), organization, company, 
  association, and/or distributor responsible for creating 
  This Software, patch, app, distribution, or any other digital 
  media. 

  “Derivative Work” describes any modified form of This Software 
  and/or any software containing all or part of the original work. 

  “This Software” refers to the Original Work as licensed under 
  this agreement.

2. Terms of Agreement
	The rights granted under this license are conditioned upon compliance 
  with its terms and restrictions. By exercising any rights granted by 
  this license, you agree to comply with its terms. Failure to comply 
  with this license will result in termination of the rights granted 
  under Section 3, as described in Section 6.

3. License Grant
	Subject to the terms and restrictions outlined in this license 
  (See 4. Restrictions), the creator(s) grant you the following rights:
	(1) to use This Software for any purpose, including personal or commercial use 
  (2) to redistribute the original work in any form with appropriate credit as 
  described in Section 4.1
  (3) all rights granted without any compulsory fees
  (4) to create and distribute Derivative Work in any form with appropriate 
  credit as described in Section 4.2

4. Restrictions
	Redistribution and usage in source and binary forms, with or without modifications,
  are permitted if the following conditions are satisfied. Violating any of these terms 
  will terminate the rights granted by this license (see 6. Termination):
  (1) Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice above, this 
  list of conditions, and the following disclaimer. 
  (2) Redistributions in binary form must include the copyright notice above, 
  this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
  and/or other materials that accompany the distribution. 
  (3) Neither the copyright holder’s name nor the names of its contributors 
  may be used to endorse or promote commercial Derivative Works without 
  specific prior written consent. 
  (4) If you create a variation of This Software, free or otherwise, modified
  files must carry prominent notices stating that they have been changed.
  (5) Any Derivative Work distributed by you must be licensed under the SOSA-OSSL v3.0. 
  You may not impose additional restrictions on the rights granted by this license.

5. Limitation on Liability
	This Software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express
	or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability,
	fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. Under no circumstances
	shall the Creator(s) be liable for any claim, damages, or other liabilities,
	whether arising from contract, tort, or otherwise, related to the software or
	the use or dealings with the software.

6. Termination
	If any of the terms as described in 4. Restrictions are violated, all rights
  granted in 3. License Grant are revoked by the Creator(s). Once the violation
  is corrected, the Creator(s) may reinstate your rights.

7. Language
	This license was initially drafted in English (US). In the event of any 
  conflict between a translated version and the English version, the English 
  version will control.
